[Music]
which would you rather die for so what's
your name sexy slab of a party animal
[Music]
the 10th only verifies that you have the
antibodies to the virus sorry I mean
you're careful right and most of the
time
prepare to swallow your teeth baguette
guess again Three Stooges
[Music]
48 hours ago I was just another bummed
out hiv-positive homo minding my own
business facing an accessory a murder
arrest come on gonna be red you totally
lost mine what are you I don't know
Siberia wanna know any things I like
best about guys bodies and whatever they
hate what do you say we go to walk low
bushes brains out or better yet inject
them with a syringe full of our blood
what you want to bet that had a magic
cure by tomorrow many people live
perfectly healthy normal lives for years
and years the world is our yeah right
[Music]